[DOCS-5928] Copy edited the EC-S3 plugin for BeeWrite standards (#119)
electric-cloud/EC-S3: help/help.adoc

|===

[[ListBucket]]
=== ListBucket

Lists all buckets. {PRODUCT} stores the list of buckets in the property sheet. The default location is `/myJob/S3Output`.

==== ListBucket input parameters

.ListBucket input parameters
[cols="1a,1a",options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Configuration |Required. The name of the configuration that holds all the connection information. This must reference a valid existing configuration.
|===

[[ListFolder]]
=== ListFolder

Lists the contents of the folders, either recursively or non-recursively. {PRODUCT} stores the list of all the objects in the folder in the property sheet. The default location is `/myJob/S3Output`.

==== ListFolder input parameters

.ListFolder input parameters
[cols="1a,1a",options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Configuration |Required. The name of the configuration that holds all the connection information. This must reference a valid existing configuration.
|Bucket Name |Required. Name of the bucket in which to list the folders.
|Folder Name |Name of the folder or prefix to include in the list.

> |List Objects in this folder or Include all sub folders? |If selected, all objects in this folder and all sub-folders are included in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|List Objects in this folder or Include all subfolders? |If selected, all objects in this folder and all subfolders are included in the list.
```
I don't think this should be hyphenated.  Refer to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/sub. Also, there is a space in `sub folders` in the label.

Author: Yeah, I was debating this change as well. Thanks!

|Make the object public |If selected, the uploaded object is publicly accessible.
|===

=== WebsiteHosting

You can use Amazon S3 to host a website that uses client-side technologies (such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) and does not require server-side technologies (such as PHP and ASP.NET). This is called a static website and is used to display content that does not change frequently.

To host your static website, use this procedure to configure an Amazon S3 bucket for website hosting. It is then available at the region-specific website endpoint of the bucket: `<bucket-name>.s3-website-<AWS-region>.amazonaws.com`.

After the bucket is successfully configured for static website hosting, {PRODUCT} stores the bucket name as a key and Amazon S3 website endpoint for your bucket as a value in the property sheet. The default location is `*/myJob/S3Output`.

==== WebsiteHosting input parameters

.WebsiteHosting input parameters
[cols="1a,1a",options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Configuration |The name of the configuration that has all the connection information. This must refer to a valid existing configuration.
|Bucket Name |Name of the bucket to create.

> |Enable website hosting |If selected, after you enable your bucket for static website hosting, all of your content is accessible to web browsers through the Amazon S3 endpoint for your bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Enable website hosting |If selected, after you enable your bucket for static website hosting, your content is accessible to web browsers through the Amazon S3 endpoint for your bucket.
```
